The fourth companion is a mystery. This one has not yet been chosen by Roland, your leader. Roland must decide soon, but this one is not yet determined. - You look at this fourth companion, and sometimes you see   a blonde woman, walking in the form of faerie, or else she   flies overhead on silver dragon wings. This is the Maker of   Real Death. She is Morgan la Faye, the soul who brought Real   Death to the Worlds. She is your hated nemesis. She is your   beloved great grand-daughter. She once turned aside the   Real Death of Angalchel and was buried under this black sky   ner to this path, buried with the powerful hands of your   son's son, her father. She has been wronged by your powerful  hands, but you do not remember the whys or hows or wherefores  of it. You have treated her unjustly, unforgivably. You   don't remember. You . . . killed her? The God of Life...killed   her? You don't remember, must not. You do remember she owes   you retribution. She has taken no revenge. You resolve to   face her and accept her vengeance, resigned to accept   whatever form it takes. She will watch for the opportunity.  You need not. - You look at this fourth companion and sometimes you see   a dark haired man, walking in the form of faerie, or else   he flies overhead on silver dragon wings. This man has   wielded the Weapon of Real Death Terminus Est. This man   is Severian. He is your beloved great grand-son. Severian   has met and defeated the Real Death of Lifesbane, delivered   by your son, Severian's grandfather. Severian has broken his  Morganti Weapon, shattering it upon the keystone of your   personal refuge, Novus Mundi. Severian has broken his weapon  on the soul of Astrastor, one of four anointed leaders of your   people. Severian carries a small fragment of the sword, and the   Wu Hsin of this last man he slew. If this fourth companion is   Severian, you must recover the Wu Hsin to restore Astrastor   to the people of Novus Mundi. You must watch for this opportunity. - You look at this fourth companion and sometimes you see   a white-haired boy, walking in the form of faerie, or else   he flies overhead on tiny silver dragon wings. This boy is  Mario. Mario in this place at this time wields a Weapon of   Real Death: a secret weapon which the God of Life has never   known! He is your beloved great grand-son. Mario. Flesh of   your loins carries a weapon of the Real Death in the presence   of the God of Life! Oh, anger! Oh, wrath! How many souls has   Mario slain with the Secret Weapon? How many souls silently   consumed, unlamented? You have never known Morgan made a   weapon for both of her brothers. Yama never said, Llyr never   hinted, Morgan never told. Mario now speaks louder than words,   for he carries the Secret Weapon. You must summon Gorm and   demand a Black Rod to cancel Secret Weapon for all Time and   all Places. You must watch for this opportunity. - You look at this fourth companion and sometimes you see   a bald man, walking in the form of faerie. You know him,   for he is a heretic priest, known to all Gods and Goddesses.   He is known to all Gods and Goddesses regardless of the   name he bears, regardless of the incarnations he passes.   This man offered his soul to Brilliance, the Goddess of   Light, Who warily accepted him into Her service. This man   once placed his soul in the service of Nerull, the Reaper   God. This man is the Slave of Morgan la Faye. This man once   slew Roland. If this man is the fourth companion, it is   because he protects Morgan la Faye from death. If this man   is the fourth companion, your companions all meet Death tonight,   and the Phoenix becomes incarnate as Greater Prince of Evil Drow   Devils. You must watch for this opportunity.